/**
 * file: journal_karbytes_07july2026_p0.txt
 * type: plain-text
 * date: 07_JULY_2026
 * author: karbytes
 * license: PUBLIC_DOMAIN
 */

The following is a series of audio transcriptions (performed by TurboScribe.ai) of each of the video files featured in the web page at the following Uniform Resource Locator: 

https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/chatgpt_karbytes_01july2026/

* * *

VIDEO_TRANSCRIPTION_0

video_file_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_67/main/karbytes_ranting_14june2026_p0.mp4

video_transcription: 

~ ~ ~

Alright, this is an experiment in progress. It's the first time in a long time I tried wearing this ski mask out in public. I'm just doing it because, well, just to help protect my identity to some extent.

I don't want to be too easily recognizable. Because I got a big brand on the internet, it feels like to me, it's a big deal to me. KARBYTES is a big deal.

I'm not so sure if other people around here know about KARBYTES. They probably recognize me because I've lived here for such a long time and I've gone to these parts a lot. And also, people gossip a lot and I have a lot of reasons why they would gossip.

But it's a nice afternoon. It's Sunday. It's the 14th of June, 2026.

This is like Lake Chabot, the very east side of Lake Chabot. It's a bit embarrassing to be wearing this mask, I'm not gonna lie. But I'm doing it because, well, I'm kind of tired of having to wear the same face every day.

Sometimes it kind of feels great to be able to be a face changer, a shapeshifter, and not be treated like the same person because there's a baggage associated with my identity. Obviously. And it has a lot to do probably with still being in my hometown.

I just don't have the means right now to relocate and start a new life somewhere else. That would make things a lot easier. So practically speaking, this might be the best I can do.

So this might be my everyday wear that I take outside when I'm in heavily populated areas. Just because I feel like I have a higher profile presence online, even though I probably don't, it's not really a big deal in the grand scheme of things. I might be growing in popularity.

I don't know how much of my internet usage is censored from my end. I don't know how many views I really get. I don't know how many donations really come in through the PayPal portal on my websites.

People don't really talk to me about my website. They don't really talk to me much at all about anything other than just immediate obvious things that pertains to them mostly, not really me. So yeah, I don't really have much reason why I would talk to people because my website doesn't have much to do with them.

It has more to do with my interests.  My interests, well, they might not be the most popular interests, but yeah, some people out there probably would be interested. I just don't think it's reasonable of me to expect people around here to automatically care about my website just because I care about it.

Especially if they don't know I have a website. People don't even know I exist. What if do they do? Maybe.

But they act like I'm not supposed to be talked to, just talked about. And they kind of seem to like to trivialize my accomplishments and treat me like I'm some kind of yet-to-be-reformed inpatient. Whatever it is, because I guess I'm not sociable in their way.

I am a sociable person deep down, just not in their way. I don't like being fake. I don't like being coerced into having to be someone I'm not.

So people pressure me to have to make small talk with them on their terms against my will, and they know I'm uncomfortable about it. I'm kind of resentful. So the thing is, I think people are trying to piss me off and get a rise out of me a lot of times.

And I'm kind of just trying to say, I'm not here to be part of your little scheme of trying to make me feel subordinate to you. It is a power play. Deep down, I think humans are cold-blooded, conniving, backstabbing, lying control freaks.
And there's hardly any exceptions to that. So I'm kind of boycotting humanity. And this is a visual way of showing I'm not here to give them a smile or to bow to them.

~ ~ ~

* * *

VIDEO_TRANSCRIPTION_1

video_file_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_67/main/karbytes_ranting_14june2026_p1.mp4

video_transcription: 

~ ~ ~

All right, I am now officially in what I consider to be the real big green thing. Lake Chabot kind of looks like it's The Big Green Thing, but it doesn't really have that solitude quality that this area does, which requires a hiking permit, which thankfully I have. This end, there's cops that have checked on me to make sure I had a permit several times before.

It's a bit more strict on this end. Like I said, Castro Valley feels militaristic to me versus the San Ramon end. They don't seem like they're as enforcing of rules and all that.

There's just not as much people up your ass on that side as there is over here, because I guess that's the way the populace is on this side. It's a bit more look up everyone's ass on this side than it is on the other side, which is why I like the other side better. And plus the views are better.

It's like a miniature Yosemite. It's a bit of a walk. If I am crazy enough, I can totally just walk down Ramage Peak Trail and in a few hours get to what looks like a miniature Yosemite that I could literally walk to from where I currently live, which seems pretty cool.

I've been talking about that on my blog because I kind of just discovered Las Trampas Wilderness only about like a year ago, so to me it's still very new. And it's still like I just now discovered that I could actually traverse that trail between Chabot Staging Area and Las Trampas Wilderness Bollinger Canyon Road parking lot, which seemed impossible at first because the trail is not very well marked. That's kind of an old trail.

It's overgrown a lot, but thankfully I came at the right day when I saw trail markers for a marathon or ultra marathon. Hot pink flags everywhere. So that helped me find my way from Las Trampas to Castor Valley.

So I'm not really sure where I'm going to go today. I'm not sure if I'm going to upload any videos. I'm just getting the videos out so I can see later on if it's worth my time and energy etc to put this on Carbites.

So the way I've been talking in my blog thus far, I'm not exactly super happy about it, but it feels like a necessary scaffolding to get to where I want to go, which is talking about things I think are more cool and less shrill sounding. I'm worried that I come across as trill and a bit small-minded, especially if I sound like I repeat myself after a while because I kind of do. But it's kind of, I'm in a bit of a dilemma where it's not easy for me to really get much of an outing because I don't have a car, I don't have a job, I don't really have friends, and I kind of have some habits that are not the most conducive to going out and meeting people.

I just kind of started assuming that it's just best to be a hermetic, and I still do feel that way. Yeah, now I'm in the big green thing. My face is getting too sweaty.

Not having money, it's really stressful. I wish I just drove to work on time and did more of all the stuff I'm supposed to do to keep my job, but a lot of my job involved being humiliated and tortured. It felt like it to me.

I haven't had what felt like a decent job in so long. It kind of made me lose hope that I can even have such a thing. I just have to settle for third world country level standard living.

I'm hoping I eventually just become so resilient. It doesn't even faze me, and I continue to do high quality carbites work, even higher quality than what's currently there. I'm trying to get it up to a better level.

I've been trying to do that for years. I've only been making marginal progress. I think it's, it could be as simple as just me being more motivated.

I just need to sit down more and just work harder and just put up with more shit. Like I said, the psychotronic harassment is so problematic for me. I just want to work from home.

I don't like being boxed into a corner where people can predict my every movement, but they kind of already do. So the logic is, well, you're already kind of cornered and being fucked over by people. You might as well get a job while you do it.

And I'm saying I'd rather have a cleaner separation between my income and where I live, because where I live acts like an all-consuming parasite. That could be because of the psychotronic harassment, mostly. So sorry to other people if it seems that I'm like unfairly discriminating against you and casting you out as someone who's a bad person when you didn't deserve that kind of judgment.

But I get bullied by the psychotronic harassment so much that it wears me down before I have a chance to even meet people. I was thinking about making an infographic earlier today but didn't because it seems a bit dramatic of how it's like a flow chart of how I'm either coerced into being homicidal or suicidal as the endpoint of the flow chart...

~ ~ ~

[The video cut off due to the recording device running out of memory.]

~ ~ ~

* * *

VIDEO_TRANSCRIPTION_2

video_file_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_67/main/karbytes_ranting_14june2026_p2.mp4

video_transcription: 

~ ~ ~

Okay, I'm now in the big green thing. A little bit. I was trying to record a video, but I didn't realize it stopped recording because I ran out of storage space, so I deleted some videos to make room for more.

So unfortunately I lost about a lot of what I was saying, which I don't really remember all that well because I'm a bit high and I don't remember much, but I'll try to remember the main points. I was saying something about how just kind of recap, I'm trying to level up my brand and talk about more rigorous subject matter, but that seems to require more concentration than what I think the state is allowing or wanting to promote. Because I think according to what I heard them say, they don't want me to look like I have money when I don't.

They don't want me to look like I'm getting paid to go to school and learn rigorous subjects. But to me, that's kind of weird because why do we send people to college so they can eventually make money? They say, well, you got your chance. You got to go to college, but you dropped out.

So that's it. You don't deserve to have any more chances. And also you're a criminal, et cetera, et cetera.
There's many reasons why they don't think I deserve any more chances to have a better standard of living. So they want me to settle for relatively thoroughbred country standards. And I'm trying to just be cool about it.

Part of my brand of late is learning to just accept reality as it is instead of insisting it be something it isn't. So if it is the case that I am being legally, socially, and even physically prevented from attaining my goals, then I kind of have to adjust my life, which I've been talking about on my blog lately is if I have to settle for worst case scenario, that's not much of a life at all. I'd rather just be killed at that point.

I'd rather just have someone humanely euthanize me if that's how bad it is because I don't want to just be alive just so other people can take pleasure in my suffering. That's what I think my life would be essentially.

~ ~ ~

* * *

VIDEO_TRANSCRIPTION_3

video_file_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_67/main/karbytes_ranting_14june2026_p3.mp4

video_transcription: 

~ ~ ~

How is there only three minutes available if I deleted so many videos? I don't know. I guess I'll have to restart the phone.

~ ~ ~

* * *

VIDEO_TRANSCRIPTION_4

video_file_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_67/main/karbytes_ranting_14june2026_p4.mp4

video_transcription: 

~ ~ ~

I'm having a pretty hard time right now. I've been trying to record myself many times. I deleted a lot of videos which I already have on this phone which were hours long, and there were videos I recorded which were several minutes long or up to 20 minutes, and after deleting those, turning the phone off, restarting it, and I made sure that they're not in some trash folder.

I still don't have enough room right now to record more than five minutes, so this is it. Whatever I have to say, I gotta say it now. I went all the way to The Big Green Thing on foot, walking from where I currently live to here, and it seems that the psychotronic harassment I deal with is real.

It is the police, and they're trying to force me to make more money on their terms, so they want me to be goody two-shoes about it and be tougher and just put up with things and not meditate, so if I want to be a meditator, I don't get to do that apparently, so I haven't taken a single breath, or I feel like I can actually enjoy myself because there's constantly some person in the background always saying rude things, getting under my skin. It feels really disrespectful and violating. It's just as bad as rape, if not worse.

It's just not immediately obvious, so yeah. I'm not gonna wear my mask right now because I don't think there's anyone around. It's almost sunset.

Even if I can't meditate without noise in my way, I'm still gonna try anyway. I just want to focus on my own thoughts instead of someone else talking at me, telling me what to think. So yeah, I record a lot of things and put them in my blog.

Basically the entire blog, KARBYTES, is a recording of my thoughts or media that I happen upon, so something I want to say that I didn't say that's important is I say a lot of shit just to get to novel content, which I hardly have time for because by the time I get to it, it's like I don't get a chance to even get to it before I'm cut off, like in the instance of I only have a few more minutes left of recording before I'm cut off. I'm gonna have to reset my phone, factory reset it, to try to get my memory back. That's how fucked up the Android phone is, and I tried looking up manuals and everything.

So far, no good. And the sun is setting, so I want to hurry up while there's light to take a video of me talking so you can see my face because I don't think people get a chance to see what I actually look like when I actually have something to say because most of the time, I have a mask on or I have some kind of social mask on. This is a chance for me to say what's on my mind without someone else here to police my body language and police my words.

Well, to some extent, there is still that going on. There's someone interfering with me right now all the time. There's some bitch in the background who I call pig_gorl going, she's saying a bunch of shit, and it's really condescending and it's disrespectful and it's depressing.

It really is, and I don't want to go into detail about that because that's a negative spiral right there. That's just me having to shut up and just get walked over by her. But yeah, anyway, all the things I was saying before now, it really doesn't matter that much.

It's just kind of like habitual, almost reflexive, not really novel content. So what I'm trying to say is I have some things on my blog which are not my own property, which I basically stole, which I decided to license to the public domain because I think it deserves to be released to the public domain sooner or later, and if there's no one else there to do it, it might as well be me. So it's just me kind of taking everything extreme.

I have to save these things, but really it's for me. It's because what happened upon helped me become what I am today, and if I didn't have that stuff, I would be a lot more insular. So to cut to the point now, I just want to have representation in the world, and I feel like there's only a finite amount of space to do so, and I'm insulted by how impoverished I am because this is worse than I expected, honestly, and I'm afraid that things won't really get better for me in the future.

I try and make the most of it, but really I'm the only one really rooting for me. I sound negative, and when I say I've got to sound positive, it's mostly just so I can get things that I want in life. People know that.

Apparently it's not enough. They want me to give more. They want me to be someone I'm not.

They want me to feel a different way. Well then, that's just the way it is. I just am the way I am.

I'm going to try to make better content for my blog, more intellectually rigorous content, stuff that's more impressive, all for my ego. Everything I do is just to make myself feel better, to make myself feel that my existence is being used for my purposes, not for someone else's. Yeah, it's too bad that I only have X amount of seconds left in this video.

I can see I'm running out of time. I deserve to have a lot more time. I see other people have podcasts that go on for time, and when I only have sound bites worth of time, it's insulting.

Maybe I can in fact reset it now after I upload it, but by the time I do, it'll be dark so you won't get to see what I look like. Oh well, this is a good sample. You don't have time apparently.
So yeah, you just want to get to know me.

~ ~ ~

* * *

VIDEO_TRANSCRIPTION_5

video_file_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_67/main/karbytes_ranting_14june2026_p5.mp4

video_transcription: 

~ ~ ~

Okay, I apparently was able to clear out a little more. Apparently these videos take up a lot of space. So I don't know if factory resetting my phone is going to be of much use, but there's something odd.

It seems that I had a lot more room before than after I deleted these videos. There's less room than what was there before. So maybe I do have to factory reset it.

I don't know. Either way, I'll try to get these videos in the cloud before I do. So yeah, I get a few more minutes of life and daylight before I'm forced to shut up.

I'm very insulted by that, by the way, because it feels like other people are telling me all the time to shut up, really. That's why I don't like people. Because they're like, I don't have time for you.

Wait until you have nothing to say. Wait until we cut you off being able to make money. Because when you have money, you have freedom, you have power, you can go do things that are cool.

You have things to talk about. We don't like that. So we wanna make sure that you don't have anything to talk about other than how poor and miserable you are.

Ha ha, and look at us getting to drive around having money that you don't have because you're not one of us. That's what I think people are like from my point of view. Of course, things could change over time.

And I think they will. And I know I've had fun in the past, I've had friends before. I'm not that different from everyone else.

It's just, I wanna do things my way. I'm a millennial, by the way. So I might not look like my age.

I've kind of been out of contact with people my age.  And I feel like in this town, it's very much about you have to know people to really be able to do anything. If you don't know people, then you're supposed to be treated like some kind of invalid or delinquent.

Or that's just how it appears. Maybe it's not that bad. So I try to be a good role model, but obviously, I have flaws, like my criminal records and how I'm very me, me, me, of course.

But that's kind of my brand. A brand is about being unabashedly egotistical because I think fundamentally, that's the only way we could be. And yes, we can be altruistic, but that's really just collective egotism.

So yeah, I think that's good. That's good for society. But I think we should be honest about it and really say the truth.

The truth is, would we really care about people unconditionally? If not, we wouldn't. There's always conditions of when we would stop caring about them. Because yeah, people can become too inconvenient to keep around.

And we'll have to say we love you, but we have to put you away or kill you or whatever. Maybe I need to just frame it a different way. Yeah, they still love the person.

You could twist it that way. Love exists. Love is caring about someone.

Then again, I was saying in the other video, if it didn't get cut off, that I don't really believe in love. And I think love is just this overhyped word that means, oh, I care about you. But really it's, oh, you serve my purposes and you are attractive to me in that way.

And I have attachment to you. You're my obsession. Yeah, I just need time and money.

I need to be able to do things. I'm running out of time right now with this video.

~ ~ ~

* * *

VIDEO_TRANSCRIPTION_6

video_file_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_67/main/karbytes_ranting_14june2026_p6.mp4

video_transcription: 

~ ~ ~

Well, thankfully, it is now sunset or past sunset, and I was able to start compressing some videos. Well, what I thought I could do to make more room for more videos like this one, which is like a bonus video, is delete the original video, which is several magnitude, or magnitude, maybe, I don't know, like 500 megabytes versus 25. So I significantly reduced the quality of the video noticeably, but it's still like, if you still hear what I'm saying, you still see what's going on.

You basically get the gist of what the video is about. The essential qualities of the video are preserved during that compression process, while I get to make more room on the phone to make more videos in this interval of time that I still am fortunate to have. I'm very grateful to have all these opportunities to be able to do all that I'm doing.

I'm very fortunate that I'm as well as I am. I'm very fortunate that I'm able-bodied, able-minded, live in a very nice place, and I do seem to live around decent enough people. So really, I don't mean to over-complain, and I really don't want to complain.

If I could help at all, I would do my best not to complain. So yeah, thing is, some complaining does seem necessary. For some reason, I don't feel like myself unless I have negative thoughts.

If I only had positive thoughts, I might be able to function in society, but I would feel like that's not really me anymore. That's like some hollowed-out, shallow version. Maybe not shallow.

I don't know. In the end, there's really no objective difference between what's positive and negative from nature's perspective. So yeah, I better practice what I preach.

If I say the only thing I do is go back to nature, and I don't mean going to a nice place, I mean trying to imagine the most large context I can, which is all of reality, then everything that ever happens belongs somewhere inside reality. 

And that is a virtue in itself. Existence of a thing is almost like, because a thing exists, that thing deserves to exist, is what I'm kind of trying to say.

But then again, it kind of feels meaningless. So a lot of things, maybe I'm just trying to say, ultimately, I feel like a nihilist. Nihilism might be the whole point of these videos.

What I'm trying to do now is, what is my actual philosophy in life? Because before these videos, I felt that I had a flimsy philosophy that kind of needed or depended on a belief in something that I don't know to be true to make me feel better about everything. And it just doesn't work because I don't know for sure. And also, when I think about things enough, using logic about naturalism, naturalistic fallacy, everything's natural.

Everything that exists, exists. It can't be denied to exist because it exists. I mean, it can be denied, but it doesn't change the fact that it exists.

So it's just, it's pointless. It's almost like what I'm saying is, it exists. I am.

And that's it. And there's no other interpretation about it. I think that's what I really meant when I said, get down to the bottom of things, get down to the base case.

There's no more recursion to be made. All you have is just raw input, raw data. That's all it is.

Not interpretations of that data, just the data. So it's like, I might as well record myself farting in the middle of nowhere. And that's it.

That's the data. But I don't know what it is for, just to put out some content for the sake of novelty. So you could say the purpose of existence is to create novelty.

So not everything is the same. Maybe that's what I'm doing. I'm just one little tiny faucet of nature making novelty where there otherwise wouldn't be any.

And I feel immense godlike power in doing something so small. So I do take pleasure in the rather small things in life to a point that it might be absurd. And maybe that's the whole point of my brand is to make light of very heavy things and to make a big deal out of stuff that might not be a big deal in a positive way.

Just because, well, why not? Might as well enjoy myself while I'm alive. And that's to say nothing of altruism talk.  I'm tired of it.

It makes me feel bad. I don't really feel like it gets anywhere. When I talk about morality, I feel like I end up kind of getting into a negative spiral.

It just doesn't feel productive. So perhaps I just serve society better by just being a big kid who doesn't really grow up and just has fun and doesn't try to harm anyone. That's it.

I'm just kind of a random person. I might as well not be famous. I might as well just be some person who has an online presence and maybe it has some views, but not very many compared to some.

And that's fine. As long as I'm not being censored, that's what matters. So yeah, as long as I have freedom of speech and full agency, that's all I really care about.

And yeah, I don't know if I care about much other than myself.

~ ~ ~

* * *

// End of File

* * *
