/**
 * file: karbytes_thinking_17july2026_p0_[video_transcript].txt
 * type: plain-text
 * date: 17_JULY_2026
 * author: karbytes
 * license: PUBLIC_DOMAIN
 */

relevant_web_page: https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/karbytes_04_october_2024/

relevant_web_page: https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/abridged_keyboard_musical_instrument/

relevant_web_page: https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/onion_web_page_availability_logger/

* * *

Alright, I don't know if you can hear me because there's a bunch of noise players playing, and the fan, which is an industrial fan, is on. So, I decided I would try my best to record what I think, while I have the chance. And right now, it is the 17th of July, 2026.

And what I'm doing is, again, getting a bit lodged in a data bottleneck, and in a logistical slash processing bottleneck of my own making, really. Some of it was unintentional at first, but eventually I see how it all fits the way I would prefer so far. Anyway, I was thinking about something earlier that I wanted to write down, and that is, when I was initially making a dark web page, I was in Silicon Valley, traveling around by bicycle, with my backpack, sleeping outside at some random, seemingly abandoned warehouse, kind of near Hangar 1, along the border of Mountain View and Sunnyvale [in northern California of the United States of America].

I was down there as part of my extended, multi-week tour of Silicon Valley and the greater baylands of the south part of the San Francisco Bay area (near the [South Bay] shoreline) of California. And that was in 2024. I had some extreme events happen, and one of them was getting hit by a car while on bicycle, because I was in a bit of a rush to get from the shopping center I was at in Sunnyvale, back to the trails near Google Cloud Campus in Sunnyvale.

There's some nice bicycle paths that connect all these trails around there. So I was in a rush to go there after having eaten lots of delicious food from the Whole Foods at that area. And there's also a nice coffee shop down there called Phil's Coffee, and I really got my fill at that place, setting up a lot of foundational parts of KARBYTES in that area, using that infrastructure, because I really wanted to make Silicon Valley part of KARBYTES, part of its essential, or origination, I should say, its originating aspects.

I do believe a lot of that is on the first disk already, which would make the most sense. It's kind of stuff that's a bit basic. Everything following that disk is more, it's really nice to have, though trying to put my entire genome in the first disk seems sensible.

It's just because of the data size. The reason why I didn't put it in the first disk is because a genome takes up approximately 16 gigabytes. A human genome, that is.

So I had my entire genome sequenced, and that's now available for download. It has public domain intellectual property through my website. Anyway, back to what I'm trying to say about the dark web.

// gonna go try working on this at Horsey Hill...

(3:46) Well, it was suggested to me by Psychotronic Harassment that I set up some kind of dark web server. (3:54) So initially I used my traveling backpack as that server, because I was just only getting started with all that. (4:03) So I learned through ChatGP and documentation I found on the web how to set up a simple dark website.
(4:13) So that's what I did with my first dark web page. (4:17) And after that, I eventually set up a more elaborate website on the dark web, (4:24) which had a different onion address, just so I can simulate or actually create a literal instance of the dark web (4:33) that I had total control over, at least that part, the backend. (4:39) So my websites on the dark web would just be confined to my own bubble, (4:47) if it weren't for the fact that there were volunteers and other infrastructure (4:54) enabling those web pages to be accessed through the Tor network.
(5:01) So all that came together such that now I have a corner of the World Wide Web in my room, (5:10) because I have a server there serving two onion web pages. (5:15) And those are for posting my own content. (5:20) And ultimately, pointing back to Carbites, which is basically relegated to the surface web, (5:27) and the most important parts of it are the parts that are served from github.com as raw files, which are hosted there.
(5:38) And what the wordpress.com websites do is provide an interface, a user interface, (5:46) to access the rest of the Carbites files. (5:50) So the stuff that's served on the dark web, I would say, is kind of just an implementation that's local to me, (5:59) that might not always be available. (6:02) Eventually, someone might take the address and use it for their own content.
(6:06) At that point, it's no longer part of Carbites. (6:09) But what is still part of Carbites is the source code to those dark web pages, (6:16) which is available on the light web via Carbites. (6:20) So by building my first dark web page down in Sunnyvale by myself on a bicycle, (6:32) basically while traveling as a semi-hobo, (6:37) I got to have experience of being in Silicon Valley (6:41) and pretending to be down there as an intern in my own private internship, (6:47) so I could build different apps.
(6:48) So I did that. (6:49) I also made the abridged keyboard application, largely with ChatGP's help, (6:57) which is one of the most impressive applications I have. (7:00) And eventually, I brought it back to Castor Valley, (7:03) and I continued to expand my software development, (7:09) not very quickly, but at a pace I think is reasonable for my goals, (7:15) because the focus really is on making the archive stable.
(7:23) So I noticed that when ChatGP analyzed supposedly closed micro-directories, (7:31) it noticed some errors. (7:33) I decided I'm just going to leave those errors as is, (7:36) so I don't create extra work for myself to do. (7:40) I already have enough processes open and not complete as is.
(7:44) This video is one of them. (7:46) I'm going to transcribe it. (7:49) I'm also going to include the original video, (7:52) so people can get a sense of what the bubble feels like, (7:56) or looks like, from my perspective.
(7:59) It just makes for a richer experience, an end-user experience, (8:04) of going through carbites and seeing what there is to be found there. 
